docs: add note about literal alias limitation (#401)
launchdarkly/ld-find-code-refs: docs/ALIASES.md

Aliases can be hardcoded using the `literal` type. This is intended to be used for testing aliasing functionality.

> Please note: literal aliases are limited to flag keys using lowercase only because of a limitation of a dependency we use to parse the configuration file. You can track the issue [here](https://github.com/spf13/viper/issues/1014).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that literal aliases are limited to flag keys using lowercase letters only, due to a limitation of a dependency LaunchDarkly uses to parse the configuration file. [You can track the issue here](https://github.com/spf13/viper/issues/1014).
```
Suggestion to make the link more accessible to those using screenreaders.
